Python 3.11 upgrade enhancements (#148)
SUSE-Enceladus/public-cloud-info-service: SUSE.rst

How To Make A Release
=====================

1. update pint_server/__init__.py '__VERSION__' and Version attribute in python-pintserver.spec with the new version.

   .. code-block::

     bumpversion patch

> 2. create a git annotated tag for the release version. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. push up to GitHub the annotated release tag that was created in the previous step. For example:
```

> 2. create a git annotated tag for the release version. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. push up to GitHub the annotated release tag that was created in the previous step. For example:
```

> 2. create a git annotated tag for the release version. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. push up to GitHub the annotated release tag that was created in the previous step. For example:
```
